While you're on deployment, while the ship that you're on is out there
in the middle of the ocean, we do have internet service. However the
computers that can access that internet are basically being used a
lot for for work related things. Most people have laptops, but they're
mainly used to watch DVDs, to you know do their little odd non wifi
connected things. There's no wifi on the ship, there's no outside
communication in that regard. However, there are, you can still access
Facebook, you can still access Google, you can still access normal
internet things, but to be able to get behind a computer and use
those things, you'd have to be a high level or it would have to be
like for instance in the middle of the night. And even though you can
access those things, there are probably some procedures in place that
says you know you should limit your use or don't use those things
at all. Like for instance social media, normal web browsing is fine,
but don't expect so much of it. I didn't really use it so much.